1. 
- Bootstrap is a free front-end framework for faster and easier web development
- Bootstrap includes HTML and CSS based design templates for typography, forms, buttons, tables, navigation, modals, image carousels and many other, as well as optional JavaScript plugins
- Bootstrap also gives you the ability to easily create responsive designs

2. first we will go to web page getbootstrap.com we go to the introduction to get the link of Bootstrap and copy. Then I will go to the html file and paste it into the <head>  tag

3.
- Bootstrap Grid is one of the grid systems that includes multiple rows, columns... as well as the number of columns per line is always 12.
- The size is in the grid in columns, and each column takes up a certain percentage of the size of the layout
The Bootstrap 4 grid system has five classes:
xs (for phones - screens less than 768px wide)
sm (for tablets - screens equal to or greater than 768px wide)
md (for small laptops - screens equal to or greater than 992px wide)
lg (for laptops and desktops - screens equal to or greater than 1200px wide)

4. Containers are used to pad the content inside of them, and there are two container classes available
- The .container class provides a responsive fixed width container
- The .container-fluid class provides a full width container, spanning the entire width of the viewport

5. Bootstrap provides different button styles. To achieve button styles, Bootstrap has the following classes
example :

6. A navigation bar is a navigation header that is placed at the top of the page. With Bootstrap, a navigation bar can extend or collapse, depending on the screen size.
A standard navigation bar is created with <nav class="navbar navbar-default">.

7. Is a library of fonts containing symbols commonly used in websites  Font Awesome. This symbol font is displayed as icons. and these icons are usually placed in website layouts

8. To use the Font Awesome icons, add the following line inside the <head> section of your HTML page:
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/4.7.0/css/font-awesome.min.css">
Note: No downloading or installation is required!

You place Font Awesome icons by using the prefix fa and the icon's name.

9. We will go to the web page getbootstrap.com and go to the icons section, we will copy the icons code and add it to the website layouts

10. We will go to the web page getbootstrap.com and go to the icons section, we will copy the icons code and add it to the <button> tag

 
