1. The <title> tag defines the title of the document. The title must be text-only, and it is shown in the browser's title bar or in the page tab
The <title> tag is required in HTML documents
it is placed in the <head> tag

2. To do this you must have an icon. you can go to a website favicon.cc to create an icon. Then add it to the folder where the CSS is located (you create a separate CSS folder and add the icon) and add it with code
example :

3. The CSS margin properties are used to create space around elements, outside of any defined borders.
With CSS, you have full control over the margins. There are properties for setting the margin for each side of an element (top, right, bottom, and left)

4. The CSS padding properties are used to generate space around an element's content, inside of any defined borders.
With CSS, you have full control over the padding. There are properties for setting the padding for each side of an element (top, right, bottom, and left).


5. The position property specifies the type of positioning method used for an element (static, relative, absolute, fixed, or sticky)

6. The font-family property specifies the font for an element.
The font-family property can hold several font names as a "fallback" system. If the browser does not support the first font, it tries the next font

7. The float property is used for positioning and formatting content e.g. let an image float left to the text in a container
- left - The element floats to the left of its container
- right - The element floats to the right of its container
- none - The element does not float (will be displayed just where it occurs in the text). This is default
 -inherit - The element inherits the float value of its parent

8. When we use the float property, and we want the next element below (not on right or left), we will have to use the clear property.
The clear property specifies what should happen with the element that is next to a floating element.
The clear property can have one of the following values:

none - The element is not pushed below left or right floated elements. This is default
left - The element is pushed below left floated elements
right - The element is pushed below right floated elements
both - The element is pushed below both left and right floated elements
inherit - The element inherits the clear value from its parent

9. The display property specifies the display behavior (the type of rendering box) of an element.

10. The <span> tag is an inline container used to mark up a part of a text, or a part of a document.
The <span> tag is easily styled by CSS or manipulated with JavaScript using the class or id attribute.
The <span> tag is much like the <div> element, but <div> is a block-level element and <span> is an inline element.
